•	This code is in C- programming language. A gcc-compiler that has a supporting IDE to run the code efficiently.
•	A simple bank management includes 
	creation of an account
	update information of existing account
	Transactions like credit or debit
	Check details of existing account
	Remove existing account
	View customer list
	ATM 
	And many more
•	In the written code, 
	PASSWORD - login
	ATM ACC PIN NUMBER - 1234
•	There are 7 choices to choose from to perform certain actions as mentioned above.



SWOT ANALYSIS

STRENGTHS
1. The code is robust and executes well for the inputs given by the user
2. Fetches all inputs in from the user and provides appropriate output
3.This is compiled using cygwin gcc compiler and hence robustness and effeciency i taken care of.

WEAKNESSES
1. The code doesnt free the memory space after the end of execution.
2. The number of options available are less and hence limited operations are performed
3. Function pointers can be included to make the code more effecient and safe from external threats.

Opportunities
1. More functions and function pointers can be included.
2. More number of pointer variables and function pointers can be included.
3. More effecient and a code with lesser lines can also be implemented.

Threats
1. Lesser functions and pointer functions may lead to external attacks when implemented in a real life and a large scale
2. IDE and Compilers which has better versions can be used to obtain effecient results.

4W's and 1'H

WHO:
This is a simple project that tells about the simplicity and ease of applying concepts in C-langauge. 
This can be implemented by by any person who has the basic knowledge of c-programming and its use.

WHAT:
At the end, the outcome is to apply learnt theoretical knowledge and apply the same on to a project that 
helps us understand the concepts in relevant to real world problems.

WHEN:
This project can be taken as a beginner of the c theory course or this can also be improvised into a much more 
robust and effecient answer using much more pointers and functions pointers.

WHY:
As mentioned earlier, this project is a just a starting point to applying the c-concept learnt in theory into practise 
and get an idea of the real-world problems and the way to tackle the same.

HOW:
This project can help many students to explore C-language, its ability and help gain more knowledge on the same.
